Add documentation of solar thermal collectors facades (#104)
oemof/oemof-thermal: docs/solar_thermal_collector.rst

    :math:`\eta_0`            :py:obj:`eta_0`                  Optical efficiency of the collector

    :math:`\dot Q_{coll}`          :py:obj:`collector_heat`         Collectors heat

    ========================= ================================ ====================================

Usage
_____

It is possible to use the precalculation function as stand-alone function to calculate the collector values
:math:`\dot Q_{coll}`, :math:`\eta_C` and :math:`E_{coll}`. Or it is possible

> to use the ParabolicTroughCollector facade to model a collector with further

Author: ```suggestion
to use the flat_plate_precalc facade to model a collector with further
```

losses (e.g. in pipes or pumps) and the electrical consumption of pipes within a single step.
Please note: As the unit of the input irradiance is given as power per area,
the outputs :math:`\dot Q_{coll}` and :math:`E_{coll}` are given in the same
unit. If these values are used in an oemof source, the unit of the nominal
value must be an area too.

Solar thermal collector precalculations
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Please see the :ref:`api of the solar_thermal_collector module <api_label>` for all parameters which have to be provided, also the ones that are not part of the described formulas above. The data for the irradiance and the ambient temperature must have the same time index. Be aware of the correct time index regarding the time zone, as the utilized pvlib need the correct time stamp corresponding to the location.

Author: ```suggestion
Please see the :ref:`api of the solar_thermal_collector module <api_label>` for all parameters which have to be provided, also the ones that are not part of the described formulas above. The data for the irradiance and the ambient temperature must have the same time index. Be aware of the correct time index regarding the time zone, as the utilized pvlib needs the correct time stamp corresponding to the location.
```

    from oemof.thermal.facades import SolarThermalCollector
    bth = solph.Bus(label='thermal')
    bel = solph.Bus(label='electricity')
    collector = SolarThermalCollector(
        label='solar_collector',
        heat_out_bus=bth,
        electricity_in_bus=bel,
        electrical_consumption=0.02,
        peripheral_losses=0.05,
    	aperture_area=1000,
    	latitude=52.2443,
    	longitude=10.5594,
    	collector_tilt=10,
    	collector_azimuth=20,
    	eta_0=0.73,
    	a_1=1.7,
    	a_2=0.016,
    	temp_collector_inlet=20,
    	delta_temp_n=10,
    	irradiance_global=input_data['global_horizontal_W_m2'],
    	irradiance_diffuse=input_data['diffuse_horizontal_W_m2'],
    	temp_amb_col=input_data['temp_amb'],
    )

It calculates the heat of the collector in the same
way as the calculations do. Additionally, it integrates the calculated heat as an input
into a component, uses an electrical input for pumps and gives a heat output,
which is reduced by the defined additional losses. See flat_plate_collector_example_facade.py for an application example. It models the same
system as the flat_plate_collector_example.py, but uses the SolarThermalCollector facade

> instead of separate source and transformer.

Author: This paragraph is a duplicate. Same information are in line 146 - 156.

Reviewer: I deleted it.
